com/example/helloworld/BudgetFragment.java
 com.example.helloworld.BudgetFragment
com/example/helloworld/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.helloworld.BuildConfig
com/example/helloworld/EpargneFragment.java
 com.example.helloworld.EpargneFragment
com/example/helloworld/databinding/ActivityTransactionBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.ActivityTransactionBinding
com/example/helloworld/connexion.java
 com.example.helloworld.connexion
 com.example.helloworld.connexion$1
com/example/helloworld/activity_splash.java
 com.example.helloworld.activity_splash
 com.example.helloworld.activity_splash$1
com/example/helloworld/databinding/FragmentEpargneBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.FragmentEpargneBinding
com/example/helloworld/Fonctions.java
 com.example.helloworld.Fonctions
com/example/helloworld/fragment_profile.java
 com.example.helloworld.fragment_profile
com/example/helloworld/databinding/FragmentBudgetBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.FragmentBudgetBinding
de/hdodenhof/circleimageview/CircleImageView.java
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView$1
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView$OutlineProvider
com/example/helloworld/databinding/FragmentStatsBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.FragmentStatsBinding
com/example/helloworld/transaction_activity.java
 com.example.helloworld.transaction_activity
com/example/helloworld/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/helloworld/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.helloworld.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/helloworld/databinding/ListviewitemBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.ListviewitemBinding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/ActivityConnexionBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.ActivityConnexionBinding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/helloworld/StatsFragment.java
 com.example.helloworld.StatsFragment
com/example/helloworld/fragment_home.java
 com.example.helloworld.fragment_home
 com.example.helloworld.fragment_home$1
 com.example.helloworld.fragment_home$2
 com.example.helloworld.fragment_home$DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.helloworld.fragment_home$DataBindingComponent
 com.example.helloworld.fragment_home$GetData
 com.example.helloworld.fragment_home$GetData$1
 com.example.helloworld.fragment_home$GetData$2
com/example/helloworld/MainActivity.java
 com.example.helloworld.MainActivity
